Ocn.020 (#985)
resource-watch/nrt-scripts: ocn_020_nrt_rw0_nutrient_mole_concentration/README.md

## Nutrient Concentration Datasets Near Real-time Script
This file describes the near real-time script that retrieves and processes the [GLOBAL OCEAN BIOGEOCHEMISTRY ANALYSIS AND FORECAST](https://resources.marine.copernicus.eu/?option=com_csw&view=details&product_id=GLOBAL_ANALYSIS_FORECAST_BIO_001_028) for display of [nitrate](https://resourcewatch.org/data/explore/92327c78-a473-402b-8edf-409869823216), [phosphate](https://resourcewatch.org/data/explore/f1aa9ec7-c3b6-441c-b395-96fc796b7612), and [dissolved oxygen](https://resourcewatch.org/data/explore/877cdf39-5536-409c-bcba-2220e1b72796) on Resource Watch.

> The dataset is available as two NetCDF files, one for monthly product and the other for daily product. Each NetCDF 10 subdatasets corresponding to biogeochemical parameters. Each subdataset has 50 bands correspoding to depths from 0.5 to 5727.9 meters Only the subdatasets for concentration of nitrate, phosphate, and dissolved oxygen averaged from 0.5 to 5.1 meters are shown on Resource Watch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dataset is available as two NetCDF files, one for monthly products and the other for daily products. Each NetCDF contains 10 sub-datasets that correspond to different biogeochemical parameters. Each sub-dataset has 50 bands that correspond to depths from 0.5 to 5727.9 meters. Only the sub-datasets for the concentration of nitrate, phosphate, and dissolved oxygen averaged from 0.5 to 5.1 meters are shown on Resource Watch.
```

To process this data for display on Resource Watch, 
1. The NetCDFs were downloaded, and the relevant subdatasets were extracted into 50 band GeoTIFFs.

> 2. For each GeoTiff, the first 5 bands (corresponding to depths of 0.5,1.5,2.6,3.8, and 5.1 meters) were averaged to create a single band GeoTiff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. For each GeoTiff, the first 5 bands (corresponding depths: 0.5, 1.5, 2.6, 3.8, and 5.1 meters) were averaged to create a single band GeoTiff.
```
